Restructure documentation around guides (#107)
Qiskit/qiskit-fermions: docs/guides/circuit.rst

.. _fermionic_circuit_explanation:

Working with fermionic circuits
===============================

.. important::

   The concepts in this guide are currently available only in the Python API.

>    Equivalent functionality will be made available via the C API in a future

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Equivalent functionality will be made available through the C API in a future
```

Reviewer: We're not supposed to use "via" in most situations.  From the terminology database: 

Usage note:   Use this term, which means "by way of," to refer to routing data, such as in "Messages are routed via SMTP." In other situations, try to replace "via" with one of the following synonyms: "across," along," "by," "from," "on," or "through."

   release.

This guide explains how to use the :class:`.FermionicCircuit` to implement
quantum algorithms directly in fermionic space, rather than mapping to qubits
first.

Why use fermionic circuits
--------------------------

Consider the traditional workflow for implementing the time evolution of a
fermionic Hamiltonian on a qubit-based architecture:

1. Define the fermionic Hamiltonian (for example, :math:`H = \sum_{pq} h_{pq}
   c^\dagger_p c_q`).

> 2. Map it to a qubit operator (for example, using the Jordan-Wigner mapping).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Map it to a qubit operator (for example, by using the Jordan-Wigner mapping).
```

Reviewer: "by using" is more clear than "using", which can be mistranslated as "that uses".

3. Implement the time evolution in qubit space (using Trotterization or other
   methods).

This approach has a fundamental limitation: early mapping to qubits discards
problem-aware knowledge about the fermionic structure. Standard optimization
passes cannot exploit fermionic symmetries or allowed term reorderings,

> resulting in suboptimal circuits with unnecessary depth and gate count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resulting in suboptimal circuits with unnecessary depths and gate counts.
```

The :class:`.FermionicCircuit` enables a better workflow:

1. Define the fermionic Hamiltonian (for example, :math:`H = \sum_{pq} h_{pq}
   c^\dagger_p c_q`).
2. Implement the time evolution directly in fermionic space using fermionic
   gates.
3. Map to qubit space as part of the transpilation process.

This approach addresses the limitation by keeping problem-aware knowledge in
fermionic space, where optimization passes can exploit fermionic structure and
commutation relations to reduce circuit depth. The fermionic circuit describes
*what* computation to perform, while transpilation handles *how* to map it to
qubits, providing a cleaner separation of concerns.

Build a fermionic circuit
-------------------------

> Now let's implement the time-evolution example from the previous section.

Author: ```suggestion
The example below implements the time-evolution discussed in the previous section.
```

Construct a :class:`.FermionicCircuit` by specifying the number of fermionic
modes, then add fermionic gates from the :mod:`~qiskit_fermions.circuit.library`
to build your computation.

> The example below demonstrates how to incorporate domain knowledge into your

Author: ```suggestion
The example also demonstrates how to incorporate domain knowledge into your
```

> operators using :ref:`operator term grouping <grouping_explanation>`. By

Reviewer: ```suggestion
operators by using :ref:`operator term grouping <grouping_explanation>`. By
```

         >>>
         >>> # Define a simple fermionic Hamiltonian
         >>> hamiltonian = FermionOperator.from_terms([
         ...     ([cre(0), ann(2)], 0.5),
         ...     ([cre(2), ann(0)], 0.5),
         ...     ([cre(1), ann(3)], 0.5),
         ...     ([cre(3), ann(1)], 0.5),
         ... ])
         >>> # Add some problem structure by grouping our Hamiltonian terms
         >>> hamiltonian.groups = [0, 0, 1, 1]
         >>>
         >>> # Add an evolution gate to implement exp(-i * t * H)
         >>> evolution = Evolution(4, hamiltonian, time=1.0)
         >>> circuit.append(evolution, circuit.register)

   .. tab-item:: C
      :sync: c

      .. code-block:: c

         // The C API for FermionicCircuit is not available yet.

.. plot::
   :alt: A simple FermionicCircuit with a single time-evolution gate.
   :context: close-figs

   >>> circuit.draw("mpl", fold=-1)
   <Figure size ... with 1 Axes>

.. plot::
   :alt: A decomposed FermionicCircuit with several time-evolution gates.
   :context: close-figs

   >>> circuit.decompose().draw("mpl", fold=-1)
   <Figure size ... with 1 Axes>

Notice how the operator term grouping is preserved even in simple operations

> like decomposition. While a separate guide will cover full transpilation to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
like decomposition. This demonstrates how structural information flows through the circuit
stack. To understand the full transpilation to
```

> qubits, this demonstrates how structural information flows through the circuit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
qubits, refer to the `Transpiling fermionic circuits <transpilation>`__  guide.
```

> stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I rewrote these sentences to avoid using future tense, which is difficult to translate.  https://ibmdocs-test.dcs.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-verbs#tense  

Also, I assume you're talking about the transpilation.rst guide, which is why I added a link to it.  It's simpler to just add a link here than for them to have to hunt it down.

Author: Yep thanks! I had forgotten to go back to this guide after then actually writing the transpilation guide 😄

Generic mode indexing
---------------------

Both the :mod:`~qiskit_fermions.operators` module and the
:class:`.FermionicCircuit` use generic mode-based indexing that makes no
assumptions about the nature of the modes. A mode is simply an abstract index
labeling a fermionic degree of freedom, with no inherent semantics. This design
choice mirrors the operators module and ensures maximum flexibility.
For example, you can implement time-evolution for any operator implementing the
:class:`.OperatorTrait` protocol, regardless of its mathematical representation.

> Transpiling fermionic circuits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transpile fermionic circuits
```

Reviewer: We use the "imperative" verb form for all titles in the quantum docs.

------------------------------

> In order to actually implement your quantum algorithm represented by your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To implement the quantum algorithm represented by your
```

Reviewer: Just getting rid of extra words.  Shorter is better for translation.

:class:`.FermionicCircuit` it must be transpiled to a

> :class:`~qiskit.circuit.QuantumCircuit`. You can learn how to do this in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`~qiskit.circuit.QuantumCircuit`. You can learn how to do this in the
```

> :ref:`this guide <transpilation_explanation>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`Transpile fermionic circuits <transpilation_explanation>` guide.
```

Reviewer: We use the actual title of the thing being linked to.
